Look, don't take this course unless you will really need multi. While it may be well taught (not always though), it isn't particularly well designed. It feels like a good refresher for those who have already had multi, but for others it does not do a good job of explaining the material. If you do need to take this class, make sure to read the material before class and do the as many back tests as you can when they come out. Fair warning: the problem sets are much easier than the tests, and do not really develop the skills you need to perform well on the tests.

A good basic course, can vary in how good it is by what professor you get.

Attend every class. The textbook is good but you need to be in lecture to really understand the material.

Complete the problem sets early in the week and attend office hours to clear up concepts. Take notes by writing down everything the professor/lecturer writes during example problems. Don't stress about recording the proofs of the theorems because they're not the most important part of the course. Use office hours, and leave ample time to do as many practice exams/quizzes as you can for each assessment. Review concepts regularly after class and after each week, and you'll have no trouble recalling equations and concepts when assessed.

Do not fall behind with the concepts or the homework. Go to office hours EARLY since they tend to fill up on the days right before the exams. Reading the chapter before each lecture helped a lot. It requires a lot of visualization in 3D. Everyone just struggles together on this course lol

Do not take unless you need to. A lot of material shoved down your throat in a seemingly small amount of time.

Don't take it unless you have to. Quality of your preceptor is very, very, very important. If you don't click well the first few classes, switch immediately.

Don't take this course unless you absolutely have to.

Don't take unless you legitimately have to. It's not a light, fun math class.

Go for it. It starts off rough but it gets easier as you begin to understand the way the class works.

Hard class, but trust the curve... every student finds it challenging, so just try your best (and pray for the best). However, the professors are extremely dedicated -- don't be afraid to reach out for help.

I would advise students that they will need to spend a lot of additional time outside of class time to learn the material on their own, and that they need to go to their professor's office hours in addition to possibly private tutoring for the course.

I would recommend reading each section you cover on your own. Then, apart from the problem sets, I would practice solving the other problems in the book to get as much practice as you can, because otherwise you will not have enough experience solving problems and will do poorly on the even more difficult exam questions.

I'd suggest you try to learn the concepts as you go with each lecture - don't wait until you have to do the problem sets or quizzes/exams to learn the concepts.

If you didn't just take first and second semester calculus last year (such as taking AP Calc BC junior year of high school or before) I would definitely recommend brushing up on the subject material, especially rememorizing more complex derivatives and integrals before taking this class. It is definitely manageable, but you will have to put in the extra work to review since this course is very challenging. A well run course, so take it if you need it such as for engineering requirements, but otherwise I would not recommend taking it for fun.

If you're taking this course, it's probably a requirement. It's not an easy course, but you've got to get through it. Read the textbook. The teachers aren't great, but they're not terrible. The weekly review sessions are quite good.

It is a difficult class but well worth it if you are interesting in mathematics and/or in the engineering department.

It's tempting to spend minimal time studying for this course at the beginning of the semester, but if you seek help and get all of your conceptual questions answered as they are addressed in class, it will help you significantly on the midterm, quizzes, and final exam. The tests are extremely hard and there is little you can do to prepare except to do practice problems, so having a good understanding of the concepts is very important to do well in the course.

Lectures aren't phenomenal. Not too hard if you have taken Multivariable before, not a cakewalk either

Make sure you get a good professor or you'll have a hard time. I had Ilya Vinogradov, who was good and cared that we understood. The pests aren't bad, but beware because the midterm and final are much harder. Study in advance for those, and in general jus try to be ahead on the readings. Great course if you do it right.

Only take this course if you have to. It doesn't really offer any sort of intellectual stimulation. Class meetings can be helpful on occasion, but it honestly depends on your lecturer. Regardless, make sure to read the textbook! It's honestly that only way that I survived this course. Make sure to take advantage of the past quizzes, midterms, and finals posted on Blackboard. They will give you a good sense of the type of questions that will be asked, which is important since they are very different from the type of questions on problem sets.

Read the textbook before going to class. The exams are much more difficult than the homework, so go through the past exams they give you on blackboard.

Review problems that are harder than the problem sets, they will not adequately prepare you for exams.

Study every week as if there were a test on Friday, don't leave all of your studying until right before the exam.

Take all the practice exams. The challenge at the end of the year is recognizing what kind of problem you are dealing with and pulling the right procedure out of your brain.

Take the class seriously. Get the psets done ASAP and plan for the tests and then you're cruising.

Teaches what you need to know about multivariable in an okay but not too exciting way. Take a higher class if you want a deeper understanding. The problem sets do not take long but don't let them lull you into a false sense of security.

The lectures were informative, and the professor tried very hard to make everything as clear as possible. However, class was often slow and boring, while the examinations were significantly more difficult than homework assignments.

This course is not too difficult. Take it if you need to for a requirement; don't expect it to be interesting.

This is a difficult course, especially compared to calculus as taught in high schools - be prepared for some very difficult exams. Make sure you are comfortable with self-studying from the textbook, and ask questions if you don't understand material.

Try to learn and digest from the textbook. Practice a lot using past quizzes and tests, but do not think the test will be from what you learned. The tests are always harder than you'd expect or are taught, so be prepared for that. Get good at envisioning graphs and shapes in 3D.

Utilize the McGraw individual tutoring sessions before quizzes and tests.

Would have done better if I tried harder, but generally you'll do well if you put in the work for it.

pay attention in lecture and stay on top of the assignments

Annoying. Learnt a lot but you really have to cram for every assessment.

Class lectures go very quickly; expect to read textbook to reteach yourself the concepts.

Do all the practice exams offered. The tests/quizzes are significantly more difficult than the homework is.

Do not take this unless you have to.

Do the assignments and pay attention to class. If you do so you will only have to do reading and really study for exams and quizzes.

A must take!

Don't take this class unless it's a requirement. It's way too hard to get an A and the exams are absurd. If you do take it, take it with Yong.

Be really prepared to work really really really hard because you will rarely find anyone that says Multivariable is easy. That being said, it is not impossible and you should not feel like you cannot do it.

Don't take unless absolutely necessary... really hard.

DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE, unless it is an utmost requirement for your department or certificate. It is extremely rigorous simply for their dearth of preparation and inadequate instruction. Taking the midterm and final (even the quizzes) was akin to taking a death march.

Get through it!! You can do it. If you can grasp the material, it is a truly interesting subject.

Great follow-up to BC Calculus; you'll have to get used to thinking graphically and geometrically, which is a bit frustrating at first, but very helpful in the long run.

Do not take the course unless you are required for engineering. If you want to learn multivariable calculus, go on Youtube.

I didn't have to take this class. I just took it because of a general interest in math. I found that it wasn't nearly as terrible as people made it sound. If you get some guys to check the problem sets with, you'll be more than fine. The material is actually pretty cool and thought provoking, even for someone who is AB. It made me consider a more quantitative course of study.

Do practice problems from past years and use the textbook if you want to succeed in this courses.

I would not recommend taking this course except to fulfill a requirement. The lectures are a bit confusing and the exams are difficult.

Don't take the class unless you need to

I would say that if they could avoid taking it then they should. If they have to take it then I would say to work with other students and constantly review the material.

Don't take this unless you have too. Very poor instruction quality. Help is not available to those who want it.

If you are looking for an easy class where you do not gain a deep understanding of material, take it.

Don't take unless you need to!

Go to office hours.

If you don't have to, don't take it.

Hard course; don't take it unless it is required or if you're really confident with your mathematical abilities. If you take it Fabio is a good instructor.

Important course for physics, and engineering. Not hard by Princeton standards, BUT many freshen who take it get surprised by the difficulty of exams, so make sure you study and do practice tests so you know what to expect.

I would advise that other students take the quizzes and exams extremely seriously. I would suggest that they work on each sub-section of a problem set the day that they have the class.

It's better than 203

I would recommend taking the course.

Kind of boring, just math

ILYA VINOGRADOV was a fine lecturer. He's funny, speaks perfect English, and explains the material decently. Not incredible, but good. Don't take the course if you were good at math in high school and think it will carry over here. Its hard as hell here. Do it if you're Econ, or Engineering and have to

MAT201 is taught really well here. The professors are great and I understood the content extremely well. However, the classes and homeworks are not representative of the midterm/final. They are much more difficult that the content that is covered in class, so I would recommend students to go above what is expected in class to really prepare themselves for the exams.

If you don't have to take it, I wouldn't recommend. That being said, as a required course it's not bad at all. There are a lot of materials online that can help you with the homework if you get stuck.

Not easy, so would advise against taking unless you have to. Moves fast and material is hard. Go to McGraw to get psets done. However, it shouldn't be seen as a dealbreaker if it's a prerequisite for a major or certificate.

Ilya is so funny! He'll definitely make you smile in class, even if the material wants to make you barf.

Prepare a lot for the midterm--it's a lot harder than the quizzes. The time commitment is about 3-4 hours a week to do the homework problems. This was one of my easier classes.

It requires a lot of time and it is difficult.

Read the textbook.

Stay on top of the material and make sure that you actually work to understand the material when you do problem sets instead of just pushing through them.

Just get your grade and get out. If you have no prior experience in the subject you may not always understand what is going on.

Take Pusateri. You won't regret it

Take it only if you have to, since the exams and quizzes were brutal and depending on which professor you have, concepts may not be explained.

Mat 201 is a solid class

Take this course if required, but be aware exams are much more difficult than problems inside the book. Do practice exams to practice efficiency of doing problems, even though the real exams have unique problems.

PDF it

A difficult course even if you have taken MV calculus in high school. Be prepared to put in the time to do psets and read the textbook. Fabio is great!

The course is well taught but moves quickly. The homework is also much easier than the questions on the evaluations.

Read the textbook before going to precept

Attend all the lectures and use the textbook and office hours to clear up on any concepts that you are having trouble with.

This class is really hard and moves way too fast. If you haven't taken any multivariable calculus before, don't take this class. I did and regret it.

Spend lots of time in McGraw and don't worry about pestering your professor if confused.

Complete all readings to help with understanding.

This is a course you take because it's required or strongly recommend for your major. If you have a stronger interest in maths, take 203.

Study hard for exams

Do all the practice midterms and quizzes. They are significantly harder than the questions on the problem sets.

Tough class, but worth the effort.

Take it if you have to

Do not take unless it's a requirement.

Unless you must take it, AVOID this class at all costs! It is uninteresting and unstimulating. There may be longterm side affects of loss of faith in human compassion if you take it.

Take the level of math lower than you think you should.

Do the relevant readings before class

While the class is taught well and the material is interesting, you can expect to struggle with the exams.

Tests are very challenging.

Don't take this course if you don't need to. Also, be aware that this isn't a pre-med requirement. There are other classes at Princeton in which you can challenge yourself, this is not one that you should try.

do not take this class unless you must

The midterm really creeps up on you so try not to fall behind too far. I don't know why anyone would take this course if they didn't have to.

Don't take unless you have to. If you do take it, spend A LOT of time practicing problems.

This course is often taken by people who have to take it rather than want to, myself included. The class is pretty easy in both work load and difficulty.

Go do the the derivations outside of class unless your professor thoroughly conceptualizes them during the class. Knowing where everything comes from will help a lot on exams.

This is a quite computational course that tests students greatly on speed rather than just knowledge, but you will still learn many interesting theoretical ideas of multivariable calculus.

Guangbo is a great preceptor; he is very clear and precise. The material is very hard, though.

Unless you are a BSE student and have to take this class or have taken multivariable in the past, do not do it.

I took this course because of my interest in the natural sciences. Overall, the subject matter intrigued me, and I found it applicable in some of my other STEM courses. However, I found major issue with how the course was taught. Working through the homework assignments every week, I felt like I had a good grip on the material. However, when the first quiz and midterm came about, working through the practice exams, I realized that neither the text nor the instruction were geared towards the level of problem asked for on the exam. If you want/need to take this course, I would recommend getting help and starting exam preparation EARLY in the semester. Be sure to expose yourself to more challenging questions: without prior exposure to the subject matter, the class by itself will not adequately prepare for its assessments.

Very useful class. You really need to know what's going on conceptually to do well on the assessments, but if you do you'll be fine.

I would only recommend taking this course if you are required to take it or if you have a deep passion for mathematics. I found it to be extremely challenging, and it requires a lot of self-directed study, visualizing, and practice. Truly a harsh learning curve.

Yong Hou is fantastic. Helpful, engaging, and goes above and beyond to prepare you for the midterm and final.

I'd only take it if you have to. It picks up in the second half so make sure you keep up

prepare beforehand, the pace is really fast. homeworks aren't even a close guide to exams.

If you are willing to take this course, I strongly recommend doing the chapter readings. They help a ton and the pictures are more accurate. Practice, practice, practice using any practice problems available because some of this stuff will only be internalized when drilled. Interesting material but very challenging. Don't take it unless you have to.

If you thought you were good at math before you got here this course might be a reality check. If it doesn't come naturally to you good luck on the exams - you're going to need it.

It is a challenging course and the exams and quizzes are very difficult. Sometimes the questions may seem unfair but since the class is curved, it works out in the end. Try and have Ilya Vinogradov as your professor. He was great. I personally did not enjoy it but it is a good and often necessary class to take.

It's hard. study.

Konstantin's classes may be confusing at first, but I always managed to understand the material by going over the textbook after class. You may often walk out of class overwhelmed and confused, as I and many of my peers did.

Make sure to understand each lesson as soon as you are taught it.

Only take if you have to. Try to do it over the summer. Kindy sucky class in general. Psets don't even come close to resembling the tests

Read the section before it is discussed in class. This will help prepare you in that you can formulate questions for your professor beforehand, and the professor will aid your understanding after you have a general idea of the material.

Reading the textbook sections before lecture help you get more out of it because you actually have an idea of what is going on. Do practice exams and quizzes.

Study

Always take sample exams from previous years, and consult other resources (Khan Academy, Paul's Online Math Notes, etc.) when the textbook isn't helpful.

Take advantage of office hours sooner rather than later! This course is really difficult if you don't have a strong basis in single variable calculus or haven't taken math in a while.

Challenging course; make sure to do as many, if not all, the practice midterms/quizzes/finals to prepare for exams.

Take the class especially if you have fabio

Definitely read the textbook before going to class; it really helps with understanding the material of that day. Don't leave the pset till the night before. If possible, do the pset throughout the week and bring it to office hour for extra help.

Take this course if you are interested in math or you need to fulfill a requirement. Otherwise, you may be frustrated by the difference in homework and exam difficulty (exams are much more challenging).

Do not take this course unless you have to. Try to place out if you can. I wish I took the placement test. This class was a waste of my time.

The homework is not a good indicator of the difficulty of the quizzes or tests so make sure to review previous exams. You need a good understanding of how to apply the material to do well.

Do practice quizzes/tests to prep for examinations, as they are significantly harder than the homework. Time is of the essence on the exams, so make sure you can solve basic problems (like those in the textbook) quickly and efficiently.

This course doesn't click with everyone, but if you're taking it it's probably because you have to, so the best thing you can do is go to office hours and make sure you don't fall behind.

Don't take this class if you don't have to

This is a difficult class and requires a lot of attention and self-study outside of class. Simply going to class and doing the homework is not enough to succeed in this class. Office hours are your friend.

Don't take this unless you need to. Very difficult.

Truly atrocious class, more than 50% of students have taken a form of collegiate multivariable in high school, which results in a massive disparity in the understanding of those students and students who are actually learning for the first time. DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE UNTIL YOU HAVE TO. Also most of the instructors are lacking; they aren't actual professors but rather grad/PhD students. They think on a different plane than the students and assume you understand. Try and ask questions and you will become more confused. Office hours are pretty much a waste of time too. Better off reading the textbook every day, watching Khan Academy, and completely skipping all the lectures. For your own sanity, only take this course if there's NO way around it.

Get Professor Pusateri.

Use Princeton's online lectures.

Good class if you like math and problem-solving.

Work hard in this class. Most of you all will be taking this class because of a BSE requirement or econ or something. However, work hard in this class and study hard for the Midterm and Final. At first you will be shocked by the difficulty of the assessments, but soon you become conditioned and prepared. It's tough, but everyone gets through so take it, and get ready to learn!

I did not enjoy this course, and I would not take it if I did not have to. The problem sets are basically busy work, and the exams are very difficult.

don't take it unless u have to. not because it's bad but bc it's useless

I would ensure that you have a very, very, strong foundation of calculus concepts. I would also recommend that you read the textbook with a great attention to detail throughout the course.

I would say it is important to keep on top of all the assignments and spend time every day learning the material.

If you are confused, be sure to find all sources available to you. There may be special review sessions held by the instructors at the end of the week. To assist in visualizing diagrams, preview the book before class.

If you don't have to take this, don't. It's a frenetic rush of incomprehensibility that isn't taught with enough pacing and care for you to understand anything.

Ilya is the best lecturer

It seems that there is an implicit requirement in this class to read the textbook before coming to lecture so be sure to do that as much time in class is spent just doing example problems.

Keep your momentum throughout the course, and study past exams before texts and quizzes

MAT 201 is definitely challenging, but it leaves a student feeling very happy and satisfied once he/she understands a concept and can do well on the problem sets and exams. In my experience, Professor Hou has been amazing as a professor and I know that all the instructors for MAT 201 were always available to help during office hours and even otherwise. I felt very supported during this course and had a blast with it. Exams are tough, but I would say that shouldn't hold anyone back. Challenge yourself with this class and it'll be completely worth it.

Not a class to take if you are looking for something easy, but it is definitely doable. The beginning of the semester (I would say) was much harder than the second half, but I think I would not have felt this way if I had taken advantage of office hours earlier on. I think it is essential to be able to understand the topics conceptually in this class if you want to be successful, which requires at least some ability to visualize things in 3D space. (Khanacademy is actually very helpful for this--especially towards the end of the semester).

Please study in the first couple of weeks instead of slacking off.

Read the textbook several times.

Start studying for this course early and review regularly. The pace of the course is fast and material builds up quickly.

Study old midterms, and do it without the solution key next to you. After you agonize over it for a long time, then look at the answers and it'll help you learn more

Take it if you have to but man... my condolences

Take this class if you have to, or want to get a better math background than 175. It is hard.

The course is interesting and not too difficult in the problem sets. Make sure you are prepared for the exams though, because they are much more difficult.

The problem sets are not difficult but do not represent the exams in any way.

This course is seriously hard. Even if you got a 5 on AP calc and thought you knew that stuff by heart, expect to get *wrecked* by this course.

This is a very fast-paced class. Make sure if you are taking this course to fulfill a prerequisite, that it is actually a prereq for the major!

Unless you are an engineer I wouldn't take this course unless you need to. A lot of the class is only applicable to physics or other sciences. Pretty much only partial derivatives are very useful in a number of other fields.

Watch videos online to understand material. I watched a community college professor the whole semester and it was better than my precept.

You are probably taking this class to fulfill a distribution requirement, or if you're interested in the econ math track. Either way, get Fabio as an instructor

very interesting class but goes too fast to realize how cool the math you're learning really is, very hard